and whoever passes pork companions and those
we are here back in a new video
and as you see we are here with my partner
judge what happens people come here you want
a little bit of straw come and take it for you
yes my mother and good but I do not have
show you this I already designed it yesterday
I will leave in the description also what
the character of hulk teaching him and everything
that but what I want to do in this
video is to show you the tuning of several
you have an incredible car and motorbike
they are already truly flippant if
you will see here the truth that ayman
happy good someone you have one of
them the second one I like more so why
I left for the end but good here
you have a beautiful one has been
completely amazing is the car of
joker as you see with a lot of drawings
here frosts the joker's face a lot of
things the truth is that the side drawing
cool a lot and the one in front also
It's very cool, it's the tornado of the
joker we could say I do not know if you were
could change the color in the saints or
something we are going to go on the way already and what
We tried but I do not think it can be
that good does not want to change
the color because the color is this way
cool but just to try it for
curiosity let's go there and well then
the second thing that you are going to teach this
mind with the sentence of the joker
or something different but on a motorcycle that is
something quite incredible and you will see that
I'm going to teach it and the truth is that
I loved it and good to tell you I see that
many of you are liking
this of that I teach you camouflage
tuned that they teach you characters like
hulk as superman as spiderman
there are also others that I have seen that
they like it too much that they have already
tired a little but well you think
there are four videos a day one is usually
of call of duty 2 are careers and others
are other mods from this moment
it's good I think that's how it goes
well not if someone does not like
motorcycles reached does not want to see it anymore
nothing happens, you have two races and
a video of a video call of duty
also in the day so simply
Well, I upload a little bit of each thing
because I know that all this is not good
it changes practically nothing as you see
that as I thought I simply
change the brightness a bit and little more than
Anyway is so handsome so no
I think nobody would want to change it but
Well, what I am saying is
many people who like there are other people
that maybe he does not like it that much anymore
or has tired a little but
basically that's what you have four videos
a day on the channel two races
of call of duty 1 is usually from mods to
times that not always not every day
rises but good if there is something that does not
Show what you've seen and all that
Well I do not have any problem in
teach it and the truth is that it is
pretty cool then with no reason
everyone will like everyone always but
you just have to understand it and see the
different things and tastes of the people
there are many people who like it that way
that if you say it to death I do not believe
that nobody then already death simply
Well, if he's tired he does not like it anymore
least respect the other people who do
she likes it then as
it's just that I'm going to go up
going up everything as I said the
careers and like wool the vast majority and
that's why I keep going up to blanket I'm not going to
go around the subject simply
that you understand, I'm going to do one thing
leave the game and re-enter because
I have not installed the tuned yet
from the bike so I'm going to do it and
now we come good kids because here
we have the bat and how are you
seeing is like this yes that is a
happened to me I loved it as you see it
I have practically put it like it is
the same type of drawing of the joker
but he had a different motorcycle that is
there were two of the different joker on a motorcycle
but I put this simply because
It was the same type and was like
like they are going to play the other was also
quite similar but I'm cool this
even a little more so good
Well, these are the two vehicles that
they want to seal I do not suppose that this one
you can not modify too much
just like the vehicle but look
the bike that passed, or maybe I 'm the best
I take it to the online to compete with
this bike or because it would be gorgeous
to be able to have this motorcycle there in the in the
online would be a total pass I do not know
who will fly more in the car or motorbike
say it with the comments to me the
truth is that the bike what most fun I
but I do not know why it's different
be something that is not tuned as much as
not cars and the truth is that it remains
pretty handsome and I'm more cool around here
had a quietly taking pim pam
let's go gentlemen , I'll leave it here so much
the bike as the car so you can
see a little bit basically in the face is
it's the joker why I have
said that caught the same design though
there was another one to wash and
also but good, I liked this and
I also wanted to tell you a little about a
topic that is about the links is worth a lot
what to say but put a lancet that does not
we can download and it's that as I said
he could not put the link once
because the rockstar does not like it
It does not matter if you have said it
links are allowed in the
description of the videos but good to
they do not like it
waters in online and he likes that people
pass so that we can
try and all that but let's say not
they like us to disclose it and what
let's say that we are going through the
links of the mods and all that then
as I said many times whoever
to look for it in web pages there
many web pages of mods and all that
whoever looks for it and who can
put and all that besides is not not with a
link alone you will not be able to get
We 're going to need
the programs and all that and I say that
if you know where the problems are
you know where the modes are, that is, not
it's not difficult, it's good, it's not that it's not
be difficult is a little bit complex but
as I said I can not I can not get
all that I can not say how it is done
I can make a video tutorial of how
they do the ways why why
rockstar nothing better I would take the video
I would put a strike could close the
channel and we do not want to be closed on
channel so then I can not do it worth
I teach them why so you can
see precisely in case someone does not know
or do not feel like doing it
you can see here on the channel so nothing
without turning it over I feel I can not
put links to me I would love to
that is, it does not cost me anything if
I now link here
where I
I take out things, it does not cost me anything to put it
but it's because I can not be worth not for another
thing so nothing chicks because that
I hope you liked it
you understand that you resell the like button
who shares it with your friends and
nothing then until the next goodbye